[Music]
so tell me have you done this a lot met
people on the computer service
now if - fine it's always the same you
mean them special followed by them that
down but I tell myself brace up this
time it will be different which is
Rama's lava fest Europe at Deception my
god
my name is in fact lot Brian it's Roy
[Music]
to the future how much challenge is
worth nearly 3 million copies there's a
lot you bloody better I'm gonna take it
off
is that your grandson it's too soon to
be getting so close to him
I've grown very fond of you do you know
who you are you're the only person on
this planet who makes me feel that I'm
not alone
I know things about you who you really
are you don't want to do this Roy
the adrenaline rush
what if it is seems like you've had
quite a past enough to last several
lifetimes
and just a blink your life searched
forever you know it's very peculiar
doing things you'd never imagine secrets
between you God the devil
and the dead you don't know him
[Music]